#### 修复进程杀掉后，收不到待机广播

> *Launch controls on stopped applications*
>
> Starting from Android 3.1, the system's package manager keeps track of applications that are in a stopped state and provides a means of controlling their launch from background processes and other applications.
>
> Note that an application's stopped state is not the same as an Activity's stopped state. The system manages those two stopped states separately.
>
> The platform defines two new intent flags that let a sender specify whether the Intent should be allowed to activate components in stopped application.
>
> *FLAG_INCLUDE_STOPPED_PACKAGES* — Include intent filters of stopped applications in the list of potential targets to resolve against.
> *FLAG_EXCLUDE_STOPPED_PACKAGES* — Exclude intent filters of stopped applications from the list of potential targets.
> When neither or both of these flags is defined in an intent, the default behavior is to include filters of stopped applications in the list of potential targets.
>
> Note that the system adds FLAG_EXCLUDE_STOPPED_PACKAGES to all broadcast intents. It does this to prevent broadcasts from background services from inadvertently or unnecessarily launching components of stoppped applications. A background service or application can override this behavior by adding the FLAG_INCLUDE_STOPPED_PACKAGES flag to broadcast intents that should be allowed to activate stopped applications.
>
> Applications are in a stopped state when they are first installed but are not yet launched and when they are manually stopped by the user (in Manage Applications).


系统发送广播时添加以下 `Flag`，[参考链接](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/android-3.1?hl=zh-cn)
```java
intent.addFlags(Intent.FLAG_INCLUDE_STOPPED_PACKAGES)
```

`ADB` 测试发送广播命令
```shell
adb shell am broadcast -a android.intent.action.XXX -f 0x00000020
```
